completes the iphone
apps and then i will introduce how these
apps made then i will show you
um briefly work through the
xcode i hope all you have installed the
s-code in your computer if you haven't
it doesn't matter later i will show you
what kind of word you should install in
your uh
what kind of the word for s-code you
should install for your computer and
also the requirements for your operating
system for mac
um during class if you have any
questions sorry um
my image is not very clear please just
ignore that focus on my shared screen
and during this class if you have any
questions
if you don't want to talk in class you
can um
post their class in the chat box i will
check that regularly to see whether you
have
any questions that i will answer you in
class
and another thing is that um
for any questions about
this subject including the question
about your assignment or some technical
questions i hope you uh to post your
questions
in the channel in the channel in
microsoft teams other rather than send
me by email i won't
answer any question such questions in
the email
only for personal questions for example
um
you are not very comfortable and you
want some extension for your
assignment or some other things for
personal
uh reasons you can email um
me and discuss this um things but
accept this thing if you have any
questions about this subject
i will suggest you to post your
questions in the channel
in lecture or tutorial or in the channel
channel
because sometimes the student will have
the common
questions i don't want to repeat that
many times
email so i hope you to post your
question
in channel then i have your answer there
so other question other students can see
the question and answer
and also if you um if you know the
solution
for other students question you could
also
answer these questions to help other
students
okay this is the subject of life for
this subject
and the first uh you will familiar
yourself with s-code
development environment later i will
show you the
s-code most of the time we will use the
s-code environment to develop our apps
then we will learn the swift programming
language
actually this is the language we are
using for
developing our app i was wondering
whether any or you have
learned the swift before if you have
learned this
you can raise your hand because there is
a function
in the your meeting to raise your hand
if now i was wondering if any of you
have learned
other programming language for example
python java or something else
you can tell me in the chat box i just
want to
know some background or you to make sure
all you have the prerequisites for this
subject
no okay c-sharp and python
and the and any other language
by schools java and c-sharp
oh somebody has already have some
knowledge about swift java
javascript oh that's good
uh i think if you have um some
background or experience about
programming that will be very
good and this subject is designed
for the beginners for the s code
so we will learn the s code and swift
from scratch so if you even you don't
have any and knowledge about sweep
is okay but if you have some related
experience of
about programming for example the python
java
and javascript c-sharp that will be very
helpful for you
to learn this subject okay um
except the s-code and the swift
vivious ls application live circle
as a multi-view controller and other
programming patterns
to build our ls application
and also we will learn how to debug and
test
your ls application like other
programming language
debug is very important part because
it comes it is impossible that you can
finish
all the tasks with no errors so how to
find out
um the reasons for error and reads error
in
information and to fix this error is
very important
and the phone app the test is also very
important because
your app is designed for customers you
need to make sure
your app can run smoothly on different
devices for different customers
so test and prototyping is also very
important step
for the development of ls
applications and then we also will learn
the iteratively design
a product because um from beginning to
the end of designing
our app it will repeat the process of
design development testing because
sometimes even when your app is finished
maybe the client will have some
new um features or
requirements you also need to add that
to your
apps and make more design and
development and also we will you
uh learn how to use modern source
control actually this
is what we will learn um is git
and we will show you how to
use github to control our project
and it's this is quite uh useful for the
pro
for the project and that has
many stuff many people and because
um how to combine also works from
different people
is very important and crucial tasks
for a very large project
okay if you can successfully complete
this subject
then you can our aim is to
uh in the um when you finish this
subject you can design
a very structured programming solution
that satisfies even software
requirements because
if in the future you become a
developer for apps then you will always
developing apps for the clients and
so there will be many
requirements so in order to satisfy
your plans you need to
complete all the requirements in your
apps
and also you can implement the solution
using swift this
is a main language we will use in our
subject
use swift to finish the ios development
and also demonstrate the fully tested
software using
ls simulator for ipad or iphone
if you don't have a physical device uh
the iphone we in s code we have
simulator
to make sure you can the outlook
the output of your app because we have
simulator we can simulate
the volume or iphone or ipad you want to
target it
and finally you could independently
independently explore
and use other ls frameworks in this
subject
we only use um
the swift and the storyboard but
you know there are many other language
for example some
javascript and also the react
to edit or to develop the
apps and based on the knowledge you
learn from this update
it's very easy and quickly for you to
explore
other ls frameworks
and for this subject
and in the first of nine weeks
uh we will have one hour lecture
on every monday and from next week
we will have the lab tutorial and your
tutor jack will
help me to conduct lab sessions so
please remember there is no
tutorial this week the tutorial starts
from next week
on tuesday from 10 a.m to 12 p.m
and also um sorry um
in the last three weeks there is no
lecture
and there is only tutorials and this
time is left for you to finish
your group assignment later i will show
you the
assignment for the subjects generally we
have three subjects the first
two are individual projects and the last
one
is a group project
so i need you to create
your groups first by yourself
this is the person why i created the
channel in the channel
you can chat with your classmates and
to see you can quit your job by yourself
first
and the later maybe two or three weeks
later if you still can't find your group
members
i will summarize all students who
haven't had yogurt members
that i will assign the group just
randomly to making sure you have group
members
but so in the first
few weeks please try to find their group
members
by yourself because in this case maybe
you you and your friends are also in the
both of you and your friends are in this
class and you want to
be in one team with him so you can find
the team members
um in the first few weeks to
build your group team and
please notice that in the last
week for the tutorial time
is there is no time left for you to
continue your work because in this
tutorial time you need to present your
group work and so please make sure all
your
work has been done before the final week
okay for this subject we don't have any
exam
but um the assessment includes
four parts the first part is the quiz we
have three quiz
that will be located on uh week three
week seven and week nine the quiz will
be ruined
on tutorial time so please rem
please uh make sure you will join
the tutorial on time
and because it's not allowed to finish
the quiz out um outside some
tutorial time so please make sure you
will join
our tutorial to finish this quiz and all
and the content of quiz view uh based on
the pre
on the content of the previous lectures
and the tutorials
so if you listen carefully all of the
content
of the lectures and tutorials i'm i
think
you could answer this quiz uh most of
the quiz
and in each quiz there will be
maybe three four or five multiple choice
questions
so i think it's not very hard
if you can understand all the content we
delivered in class
and for the assignment we have to uh
like what i mentioned we have three
assignments the first two are individual
assignments and later i will show you
uh the details of the prerequisite the
the requirement for each assignment and
the third one
is a group assignment so from now on try
to find your group members
and but you can't find if you i know
it's a hard time because
you are all online actually as this is
my first time to conduct a
subject in summer session generally i
only
teach the subject in autumn and the
spring session
i don't know whether this is always the
case that
the summer session is conduct the summer
subject is conducted
online oh this just because
the special situation
so the summer session is all online
because even in last semester
we still have some labs in campus
but we got some instruction that
for all the activities teaching
activities
for summer subject it should
be online including the lecture
tutorial and the labs
was wondering why can't when i can get
some feedback from you because
also it's not a very long lecture
i hope i'm not always talking
and talking by myself
so i was wanting anyone who has
before this subject you have ever
joined other substations
i think someone maybe you want to talk
just now
you almost yourself
you can also type something in the chat
box
okay and
[Music]
okay my question is uh i was wondering
if
are there any students who okay
no some recession experience i just want
to invest some students
how uh the experience of joining
summer session before because this
actually this is my first time to
teach subjects in summer session
generally i only teach in
autumn and the spring session and
i was wanting for the summer session
in the previous years as always
in um it's always in your online mode
or just for this year
same okay always be online
okay i see and thank you
and also okay i have a suggestion
because
uh i know since most of those students
don't like to open the camera and also
open the camera very
low hour speed the internet speed so
uh i hope before that in the next
lecture
i could see a profound image
on y'all for each person so i
really don't like just to see some um
some name on your own uh some
name and i really just want to see some
profound
photos to let me know okay i'm
talking with some person okay let's go
on
our subject's content for this subject
we don't have any textbook but i will
release
some reading materials each week
to make sure you can get some relevant
resources online and you can follow up
our schedule or the content
okay for this subject we have some
prerequisites
we hope you have ever learned some
object
oriented programming and also i hope you
are comfortable with
coding because in this subject most of
the time
except designing our app
the the most important part is coding
and for the resources of this subject we
don't
have an intense book but you have many
resources
online and here i just list
some commonly used resources
for example introduction for the sweet
sweet programming language and also the
swift api guideline
and something introduced the
development environment and there is
one thing please keep in mind that full
of
this is important for all the
programming
learning no matter python java or swift
if you encounter any questions or issues
just google it because
um most of the time i think most of the
time you are not the person
who first encounters such issues so
there will be many students many people
who have ever
faced the same problem with you to try
to
find solutions online
because even in the class it's
impossible for us to cover
all the knowledge and all the issues
and especially uh for the errors may
happen in your app
it may be quite different on different
person
so please remember when you encount
when there is something and wrong
or you and there is error information
in your app please google that and to
see
whether you can find solution try
to find a solution better self first
if if you have tried that you can't find
solution then you
can post your question in the channel
and
i will help you and the first let's look
whether other student could help you to
answer this question immediately
and later maybe i can't check the
question every day because i
also have some other subject to teach
it's impossible for me to
just monitor the channel all the day so
but
uh i will check the channel and
questions regularly to see
whether you have any questions i will
answer this question as soon as post
oh i saw them so but first try to figure
out the solution by yourself
this is a very important learning step
because
um i always said say that
in the class what you can learn is
limited
and what you should learn is ability of
exploring solutions for your
question but the first thing is you need
to define your
problem you need to define or you need
to determine
your issues very uh
specifically so in that case you can
find solution
okay next i will talk about the um
the development environment in this
subject
we will we will use swift
you don't need to download the switch
because there has
all if you have s code there has always
there is al already has a swift
installed in s-code so what you should
do is
to install the s-code in your computer
and the for the operating system
um the requirement for the operating
system it should be
at least the uh 10 points
of 10 10.14 so make sure
uh let me show you how to check the
operating system on your mac
you can go to the icon on the
uh left top and select
about this mac
yeah and here you can see the overview
of your app
from here you can see the world of your
operating system
and my version is a little higher is
catalina and one is 10.15
but if you are using 10.
uh 14 it's okay at least
the operating system is 10 10.14
or later that will be okay for you to
install as code because to install the s
code 11
the we have shoot some
um requirements for our operating system
in mac
so first please check the
version of your operating system in mac
then
if your warrant this or higher than this
you can install as code how to download
xcode you can just
open your app store
and search
as code
then sorry it's a little slow
yeah then it will shows as code you
because i have already installed the s
code so it should upgrade
and if you haven't installed it it will
show install then install s-code in your
computer
no don't don't use the s-code better
do please download as called not
absolute better
just as code not s-code better
later i will explain to you
if you are using windows system and you
don't have mac
there are some options for you
okay this is the
step for the student who held mac you
can just
check your operating system to make sure
the minimum
volume you use is 10.14
and then you can just install s code 11
from your apple store
and that is very easy and i know
uh some students some annual students
who are using windows system and who
don't have mac
could you please raise their hand just
let me see
how many students who don't have a mac
oh you can just type
plus one in the chat box let me know
you are using the window system
okay choose two
three
okay now and we have four students
who are using windows system and uh
okay uh the case will be more
complicated
uh okay now i will show you some options
you can choose
please listen carefully the first one is
uh the its port provides
us the virtual s code lab but
first thing you need to access the uts
vpn
now i will show you how to accept the
uts vpn first
you need to log in to this website to
download the tool that can help you to
log into
uts vpn and i will just
repeat this process to make sure you can
do every step correctly
you can copy and paste this website
to your computer and as will
take into the login of your account
oh it should have a screw coat
yeah if you log into this website
it will show you screen like this and
you can go down to
here downloads please download this app
i found edge client and because my
system
uh i'm using mac so it showed for mac if
you uh
open that and it will show you
i just closed that
first it will show you the login
screen of the big ips client
please remember the server i will i have
already
provided the server in our ppt slide
and this is the server you should enter
in your biphd client
app and you need to log in use your uts
account
hmm
oh there's something wrong with my
session
i will try screaming uh
that's maybe because in the very
beginning i
i need to create it and love it again
has asked me to log in
and for other students you can also
learn this step because
it can help you to connect to uts
internal internet if you want to access
the uts
library you also need uh to access some
internal resources
also need to connect to dsvpn first
it always requests a security code
okay now uh the connection
is dispaired if you want to see the
stator just
click the file sometimes it will appear
this sorry the small screen like this
you can just
you can just cancel this just ignore
that
and let me show you uh the connection
stator
you can click the file file
and show me window there
if you can see some streaming data it's
it means you are connecting with the uts
vpn
based on that before you use the virtual
escort lab make sure you help connect
with uts vpn
and after that go to this
website
let me just close that
yeah you can enter your name you can you
enter your username
this is your student id and the password
to enter this uh called lab
these are all virtual machines you can
just
select any of these i choose this
then connect
i have recording this lecture so if
you've got the process of connecting the
uts vpn and
how to enter how to join the virtualx
lab you can
replace this lecture after this
class
but the one requirement for using the
virtual machine
is that you should have a very fast and
stable
internet okay
okay
you also need to enter y'all
okay in this case you have logged into a
virtual mac
computer and here you can
find you can just find ask
we have i have already asked id stuff to
install xcode in this virtual machine so
you just search uh s code and uh
run it in this virtual machine then
you can have exactly same um
screen inter user interface with us
but there is something i want to uh
claim before you are using the
virtual machine the first thing is um
actually we have used this virtual
machine in the autumn session
for the real huge class and
there the first thing is the water
machine is
not very fast sometimes it's a little
slow
so please be more patient another thing
is
there will be some issues and uh
the problem is that i'm not the person
who manages this
lab uh you report some error or issue of
this
where oh this workshop we see and i also
need to report
and the contact with ik spot and
waiting for their response each view
takes
one or two or more days for them
to fix this problem so
for the students who do not have a mac
who are using windows system especially
in the first
three weeks before the consensus day i
suggest you to use this virtual machine
lab
as soon as much as possible to
test this and to see whether it works
well or not
because i'm still actually i got many
feedback from
the students in autumn session they
don't like the virtual machine
so but this is the only option we can
provide you
so please test it and try and whether
um it works well or not but i have
already
tested all the three assignments it's
okay for you to
and it it can help you to finish
all the uh assignments but
because it's based on the internet
speech of your local and
some issues may happen
in the virtual machine so please try
that in the first
weeks and another option i can provide
you
except the virtual machine is
uh for some students they view i will
recommend
if you don't like the virtual machine
lab
and you also feel
that you want to finish this subject i
will recommend
you to rent a mac os
development environment online i have
provided you
a website
a company where you can use
where you can rent a
development environment
and it may be cost you about 12
about 20 dollars each month and
there is a discount and there is a
discount to
uh for students
uh for the group member there should be
three three students in each group
three students and uh it will cost you
maybe twenty
dollars each month and
while you check out there please
remember to use your uts account because
there is
a discount for the academic use and
this is but you need to pay this by
yourself
for our class it only has three
or four months so you need to rent that
for
at least three months and these are the
two
options i can provide so the first one
is virtual machine
please try and please use that
as much as possible in the first two
weeks if you
don't like it and it's there is always
an issue and it's very slow using
it heavily in impact
uh your process of learning these
subjects and
also you don't want to pay extra money
for
renting the online environment
development development environment so
in this case
i highly recommend you to withdraw from
this subject because this
is the only option we can provide you
under this situation
if you can't if you you don't like any
of this option
uh my suggestion is you can withdraw
this subject and choose other
alternative subject
maybe you can choose this um next year
when the in-campus
labs are available you can we have some
we have
two or three matlab in in the
campus and maybe next year you can
go to the math lab to read this class
but for this some
say summer session because other
teaching activities
uh
all teaching activities will be online
so this is the option we can provide but
um and uh yeah i see there is a student
i read
something online only two people from
fun
okay i think that maybe uh
mistake uh for this sub for this subject
i hope there should be three and
three sub three students in each group
um yeah and the least
two if you really want to uh two people
to do the group to do the uh
group work it's also okay but uh
i think three will be okay and that will
be better
because if you have three person and
there will be more person
to help you to undertake the
other tasks and even you have to
colleagues only two members i won't
lower the criteria the marketing
criteria so the better solution
is to have three members remembers in
our team later have you modified the
number or
group members in our subject allies
sorry about that
and okay and and
very important thing for the students
who are using the
virtual machine it always happen
in autumn semester um please
save your work on online device
many students just save their work uh in
the local file in virtual machines so
when they reopen
the virtual machine because maybe
sometimes
you didn't log into the same the
identical virtual machine with you last
time
so the the file you've saved last time
may disappear
so please make sure you save all your
work
in online repository you can use github
or onedrive i think uts has provided
user uts
onedrive with a very large memory so you
can
just save your work every time you when
you
finish when you have a update of your
work
remember to save that in your uh
onedrive folder
and while you open your virtual machine
you can download
that file from your online
onedrive this is very important
and there i won't
permit any extension because of such
error happened
and in your file because last semester
there are
some students that before the deadline
of assignment he told me
all my files in the virtual machine are
disappeared
and before that i have repeated many
times
do not save your work
in the local files in virtual machine
but
let's do do that and uh
in this semester there is no excuse for
this and
i won't permit and permit any
extension for this case because it is
i have i will repeat this many times and
try to save all your work on online
devices
okay this is um uh explanation for the
developing environment if you don't have
a mac
and the next i also want to explain how
does it work how does the app works
actually
our smartphone is just like a computer
and
an app is a set of code to tell a
smartphone to perform specific
tasks for example this
is a picture of our iphone and this is
screen if there is a button on this
screen it says click me
then i redo the action click this button
then what will happen and this message
when we click this button this message
will be sent
to the code part then code part view
goes through all the codes to
find out the corresponding behavior
the system should do when
there is action that click me so in the
code path it will edit all the
behaviors and functionalities
it should happen
in your app so as a
app developer you need to planning out
all the scenarios that will happen in
your app
for example if i click this button what
will happen
it will show me your image or it will
just
start the game when i click this button
i click
this tab which will happen a new page
will appear or something else you need
to
write you need to planning out all the
things
that will happen in your app here
and also uh for most of the app
especi especially for some complex
app there are always some data installed
stored in your app for example you have
a contact management app
it view all
all of the contact information or your
friends
colleagues will be stored in this act in
this app
when i uh on the screen why i click
one name of my friend for example alice
i click the name of alex
then this message will set to the code
the code will
find the uh the contact information of
alice alex then the code view
access to the data part
to access the data that
is relevant to alice then after the
system
has obtained the data of alice then it
will return to the screen this is
how the apps work if general has
three components first one is the screen
actually in this part we will design
our app it refers to the user interface
that is a code and
review uh coding of the or editing all
the functionalities and
behaviors in our app and also we will
design some data
or store some data in our app
okay next i want to explain how could
uh how could
a web how could a app developed
from an idea to a completed app
and the first thing before you want to
design an
app placing listing bot uh why you need
this app
if your purpose is just to show some
information
and there is no requirements for any
actions
interactions with users so just
use a website rather than a app
to finish all your purpose so first
you need to understand exactly why you
need this app
and once you decide okay i want to
design
a app there are some steps can help you
to finish all the tasks for example you
need to define the specifics
because uh generally uh
as a app developer you will receive
many requirements from from your
client and the first thing is to
discuss with them and define determine
all the specifics very clearly
and to make sure you your clients
can't always change the experiments very
often
and second one is to get your bearings
because
in in once in one app there will be many
come very complicated uh complex
relations there are many different views
different pages
what is the relation between them and
you need to figure this very clearly
later i will show you this when we learn
the navigation controller
when we have multiple views how to
toggle between all these pages how to
convert different pages and the relation
between them
and the other thing is to design your
vision because when we design
your uh when we design our app one
very important task is to
finish all the functionalities to make
sure this is a functional app but the
other thing is
we hope it can be a beautiful app that
people
love to use it and so the design
is also a very important step for
developing
an app then nasa is
very important for the development
and actually i think for but
for a app project a project
almost half staff um the developers
their main job is coding
editing all the functionalities that is
required
in your app and then is the guide and
the cooperate
actually this process refers to the
debug or testing and prototyping
to make sure that your device can be
run smoothly can work well on different
devices
because you know your customer may have
different versions of
iphones they are using iphone 10
iphone 11 even um some
android system so please make sure
the customers even they have different
device they can run your app
and the sixth step is to get your app
published because most of the case
except
the case that you are quite interested
and quite interested
in developing apps and you don't want to
publish
for money and most of the case after you
have finished the app
you will publish it on apple store this
is also a very important step
to publish your app in amp store
so the other people can see your app and
download it and pay for that and the
last thing
is maintenance after your app
is released to people and you will get
some feedback
all of the further requests the form
for new features then you will consider
that
and fix the buy fix the bug i think you
have oh you have experience you have
many apps and
there always there is always a
update for this uh app actually this is
a version that fixed the previous bug
and also have some new features and
we just select to update
the app to make sure it can work well
have a better
using experience
okay there is a example uh it shows a
person who
only built an ad within six hours
and it this app got 2.3 million
downloads
and you can read this very interesting
story
after class
okay some students ask me questions
later i view answer question because
first
i want to finish my content on this
lecture okay
later uh okay next uh i will show
you uh okay
because all this i mentioned is
[Music]
subject online and now i want to spend
maybe five minutes to
give you a quick glance of xcode and now
i will open my s code
actually for um programming class
a one hour lecture is really short so
from next year we will have one and a
half
hours lecture but for this semester we
still have one hour
a lecture but we have two hours tutorial
that means you have more time to
communicate with the tutor and have more
time to practice
with when we open the s code this is the
wilcoms code
you can just click click create a new s
code project if you don't have this
screen
that's maybe you don't have this chest
box
checked so if you if it doesn't it
doesn't show this will come
um page you can just go to file
new and project then it will also
show this uh to help you to create
a new project in this case i just click
create new s-code project
okay now we will see this screen
it will ask us to choose the template we
want for our app
here it show us we can create
the ls app the watch os app
the tv os app the mac os
app and by default it selected
some ios and
also i select the single view
app actually this is the most
custom customizable customizable
template that means it doesn't assume
anything is in this template and for
there are also other templates and for
example
this is a temp uh app in this template
in the very bottom
there are there there is a tamp bar
and if you uh click on
one tab it will show you different
uh the pages i think you can open your
if you have the uber it on the
very bottom line there is a tab
bar should home search
my order or something if you tap
on these tabs it will show you different
pages so
this app will show us a template by that
with that but uh at this moment
we just select the single view app
because
if later we have other requirements we
want to add
a tab bar in our
app or we want to add the master detail
or we want to add some document based
we also can add that component in
our app so don't be valuable about that
and at this moment we just
select the single view app and
click next okay here we need to
fill the information of our app
for example here you need to type the
name of your project for example
i the name of my project i want
is i low
shy and please notice
when i type the name of my project here
it also has something changed in the
bundle identifier what is
my i love sanjay appearances what is
bundle identifier actually this is just
like a web address
it can help you to identify your
app uniquely in the amp store
so before you
uh determine your this bundle line is
created
as i is consists of two parts the first
part
is our program name the other part is
organization
identifier for example you have a
company and
your company name is ww dot
um ls
uts dot co
but the there is a rule that we should
use the reverse domain name that means
we just ignore the ww3w
and because it's a reverse
domain name we write call dot
in the very beginning and then it
will become our oxidation identifier
and if our alternation identifier is
co dot ls uts
then the bundle file the bundle
identifier
will becomes our organization id
identifier plus the name of the project
but for the students you don't have
company so my suggestion is we just
write com dot the name or
the name of you so i just write my name
so the bundle identifier will be com
dot what's or then pass
the name on my project this is um
[Music]
the bundle identifier and the language
please
just select swift this is
language we will use to edit
our pro apps and the user interface
here i will choose storyboard uh sorry
today we don't have too much time to
explain
why we choose storyboard maybe in the
next class i will
explain because actually third board
has its plan has developed for more than
10 years
swift ui some still if you have
learned the s codes maybe you
know this word swift ui step ui is
developed appears last year and
also it has many advantages compared
with storyboard but
it still have many things need to
develop for swift ui so as introductions
and subject for us
we just use storyboard because there
will be more
online resources for storyboard and also
it will be
you will have more working of job reward
opportunities if you know how to
write app using the storyboard also if
you can learn and master a storyboard
you can listen to ui very quickly
later maybe i will use well to one hour
uh about sweet ui but most of the time
we will just
focus on the storyboard after we help
you
all the project information
we click next
then it will ask you where you want to
save
your work and uh
here from this point you can choose
the location where you want to save your
here i just
uh i just want to save my work
on desktop and i want to create a new
folder
named ls
developer
and created and
then i click quit
it will cost you
a few seconds to create this app
okay this is the
app we create and
okay this is on the
top left this is the name of our project
i love sunshine
if you sometimes maybe you forgot
where your app is stored
so you can right click this project and
go to file show in finder
and you can see it from this view
then you will see is stored in
desktop then ls developer
and under the project i love sunshine
okay about the details in this
app i will introduce in next lecture
um okay thank you very much for your
participation in this class and once
i want to mention again is for students
who don't have the mac
and you are using windows system please
try the virtual machine as much as
possible before the
consensus stay if you don't like the
virtual machine and
you do also don't want to rent a online
development environment i highly
recommend you to withdraw the subject
and select the subject
in other semester when you can access
the
[Music]
in campus mac lab
okay uh okay i mean i don't know
um excuse me sorry doctor can you ask
questions
uh yes please sorry because i just
checked the
xcode on app per store and it showed
that
now the current version is 12.2
and i download it but i find there's no
button called single view app
it's just the app document app and a
game so
i don't know which button should i
clicked please make sure you have choose
ls uh yes i chose it
uh how about you i just make a
screenshot
in the channel box um sorry can i share
my screen
uh because i saw i have a meeting 10
minutes later how about you
how about you post your question in the
channel box then i will answer you after
my meeting is thank you so much thanks
if you have any questions about your app
install
um some issues you can post your
question in the channel
and i view answer your question as soon
as possible i thought them okay
oh thanks so much thank you okay and
about the procedures of
install as code creator app
you can just see the recording of this
lecture and
if you still have an end query we can
discuss
i can answer a question in the channel
box okay ah
this is
this is lecture this is our first
lecture thank you very much
and see you next week
you